stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor. 
       
 “Granger, Hermione!” 
 
      Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head. 
 
      “GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat. Ron groaned. 
 
      A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you’re very nervous. What 
if he wasn’t chosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until 
Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and 
he’d better get back on the train? 
 
      When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way 
to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When it finally shouted, 
“GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to 
give it to “MacDougal, Morag.” 
 
      Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had 
barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!” 
 
      Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself. 
 
      There weren’t many people left now. “Moon”… , “Nott”… , “Parkinson”… , then a pair of twin 
girls, “Patil” and “Patil”… , then “Perks, Sally-Anne”… , and then, at last — 
 
      “Potter, Harry!” 
 
      As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall. 
 
      “Potter, did she say?” 
 
      “The Harry Potter?”  
 
      The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning 
to get a good look at him. Next second he was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited. 
 
      “Hmm,” said a small voice in his ear. “Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a 
bad mind either. There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now 
that’s interesting… So where shall I put you?” 
 
      Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin. 
 
      “Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice. “Are you sure? You could be great, you know, it’s all 
here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that — 
no? Well, if you’re sure — better be GRYFFINDOR!”