The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he 
liked. Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick. 
Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat. It was all 
delicious. 
 
      “That does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak. 
 
      “Can’t you —?” 
 
      “I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost. “I don’t need to, of course, but 
one does miss it. I don’t think I’ve introduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at 
your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower.” 
 
      “I know who you are!” said Ron suddenly. “My brothers told me about you — you’re Nearly 
Headless Nick!” 
 
      “I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-
haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted. 
 
      “Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?” 
 
      Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn’t going at all the way he 
wanted. 
 
      “Like this,” he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his 
neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead 
him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly 
Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, “So — new Gryffindors! I 
hope you’re going to help us win the house championship this year? Gryffindors have never 
gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody 
Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.” 
 
      Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring 
eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry 
was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements. 
 
      “How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest. 
 
      “I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately. 
 
      When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, 
leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice 
cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam 
doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…  
 
      As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.