CHAPTER SEVEN 
 
 
The Sorting Hat 
 
  The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there. She 
had a very stern face and Harry’s first thought was that this was not someone to cross. 
 
      “The firs’ years, Professor McGonagall,” said Hagrid. 
 
      “Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here.” 
 
      She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have fit the whole of the 
Dursleys’ house in it. The stone walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the 
ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper 
floors. 
 
      They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone 
of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right — the rest of the school must already be here 
— but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. 
They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering 
about nervously. 
 
      “Welcome to Hogwarts,” said Professor McGonagall. “The start-of-term banquet will begin 
shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The 
Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something 
like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in 
your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room. 
 
      “The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has 
its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at 
Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house 
points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great 
honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. 
 
      “The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I 
suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.” 
 
      Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on 
Ron’s smudged nose. Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair. 
 
      “I shall return when we are ready for you,” said Professor McGonagall. “Please wait quietly.” 
 
      She left the chamber. Harry swallowed. 
 
      “How exactly do they sort us into houses?” he asked Ron.