“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus. “Me dad’s a Muggle. Mom didn’t tell him she was a witch ’til 
after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him.” 
 
      The others laughed. 
 
      “What about you, Neville?” said Ron. 
 
      “Well, my gran brought me up and she’s a witch,” said Neville, “but the family thought I was 
all-Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some 
magic out of me — he pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned — but 
nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was 
hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a 
meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bounced — all the way down the garden and into the 
road. They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have 
seen their faces when I got in here — they thought I might not be magic enough to come, you 
see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.” 
 
      On Harry’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons (“I do hope they 
start right away, there’s so much to learn, I’m particularly interested in Transfiguration, you 
know, turning something into something else, of course, it’s supposed to be very difficult —”; 
“You’ll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing — ”). 
 
      Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was 
drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. 
Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked 
nose, and sallow skin. 
 
      It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into 
Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead. 
 
      “Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head. 
 
      “What is it?” asked Percy. 
 
      “N-nothing.” 
 
      The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had 
gotten from the teacher’s look — a feeling that he didn’t like Harry at all. 
 
      “Who’s that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?” he asked Percy. 
 
      “Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he’s looking so nervous, that’s Professor 
Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn’t want to — everyone knows he’s after Quirrell’s job. 
Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape.” 
 
      Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn’t look at him again.