was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers 
calming down enough to say, “Harry was talking to it, weren’t you, Harry?” 
 
      Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so 
angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say, “Go — cupboard — stay — no meals,” before 
he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. 
 
  Harry lay in his dark cupboard  much later, wishing he had a watch. He didn’t know what time it 
was and he couldn’t be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn’t risk 
sneaking to the kitchen for some food. 
 
      He’d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could 
remember, ever since he’d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash. He couldn’t 
remember being in the car when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory 
during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green 
light and a burning pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he couldn’t 
imagine where all the green light came from. He couldn’t remember his parents at all. His aunt 
and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were 
no photographs of them in the house. 
 
      When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming 
to take him away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes 
he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange 
strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out 
shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt 
Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman 
dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple 
coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a 
word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second 
Harry tried to get a closer look. 
 
      At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley’s gang hated that odd Harry Potter in 
his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudley’s gang.