and they seemed to know he hadn’t received his first letter. Surely that meant they’d try again? 
And this time he’d make sure they didn’t fail. He had a plan. 
 
  The repaired alarm clock rang at six o’clock the next morning. Harry turned it off quickly and 
dressed silently. He mustn’t wake the Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of 
the lights. 
 
      He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number 
four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door — 
 
      “AAAAARRRGH!” 
 
      Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — 
something alive! 
 
      Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had 
been his uncle’s face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping 
bag, clearly making sure that Harry didn’t do exactly what he’d been trying to do. He shouted at 
Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled 
miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle 
Vernon’s lap. Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink. 
 
      “I want —” he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes. 
 
      Uncle Vernon didn’t go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot. 
 
      “See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them 
they’ll just give up.” 
 
      “I’m not sure that’ll work, Vernon.” 
 
      “Oh, these people’s minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they’re not like you and me,” said 
Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought 
him. 
 
  On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldn’t go through the mail slot 
they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through 
the small window in the downstairs bathroom. 
 
      Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and nails 
and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. He hummed 
“Tiptoe Through the Tulips” as he worked, and jumped at small noises. 
 
 On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into 
the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused 
milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made