just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table. 
 
      “’Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an ’undred of these at the front 
desk.” 
 
      She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address: 
 
  Mr. H. Potter 
 
  Room 17 
 
 Railview Hotel 
 
  Cokeworth 
 
   Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncl e Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman 
stared. 
 
      “I’ll take them,” said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following her from the dining 
room. 
 
  “Wouldn’t it be better just to go home, dear?” Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but 
Uncle Vernon didn’t seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He 
drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the 
car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway 
across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage. 
 
      “Daddy’s gone mad, hasn’t he?” Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle 
Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared. 
 
      It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dudley sniveled. 
 
      “It’s Monday,” he told his mother. “The Great Humberto’s on tonight. I want to stay somewhere 
with a television.” 
 
      Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday — and you could usually count 
on Dudley to know the days the week, because of television — then tomorrow, Tuesday, was 
Harry’s eleventh birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never exactly fun — last year, the 
Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon’s old socks. Still, you weren’t 
eleven every day. 
 
      Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and 
didn’t answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he’d bought. 
 
      “Found the perfect place!” he said. “Come on! Everyone out!”