“You’ve got to stand up to him, Neville!” said Ron. “He’s used to walking all over people, but 
that’s no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.” 
 
      “There’s no need to tell me I’m not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy’s already done 
that,” Neville choked out. 
 
      Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the 
box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he 
might cry. 
 
      “You’re worth twelve of Malfoy,” Harry said. “The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn’t 
it? And where’s Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin.” 
 
      Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog. 
 
      “Thanks, Harry… I think I’ll go to bed… D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?” 
 
      As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card. 
 
      “Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —” 
 
      He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione. 
 
      “I’ve found him!” he whispered. “I’ve found Flamel! I told you I’d read the name somewhere 
before, I read it on the train coming here — listen to this: ‘Dumbledore is particularly famous for 
his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of 
dragon’s blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel’!” 
 
      Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn’t looked so excited since they’d gotten back the marks 
for their very first piece of homework. 
 
      “Stay there!” she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls’ dormitories. Harry and Ron 
barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book 
in her arms. 
 
      “I never thought to look in here!” she whispered excitedly. “I got this out of the library weeks 
ago for a bit of light reading.” 
 
      “Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and 
started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself. 
 
      At last she found what she was looking for. 
 
      “I knew it! I knew it!” 
 
      “Are we allowed to speak yet?” said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.