The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so 
quickly. 
 
      “Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game’s over! Harry’s won! We’ve won! Gryffindor is in the 
lead!” shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row 
in front. 
 
      Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn’t believe it. He’d done it — the 
game was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he 
saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder 
and looked up into Dumbledore’s smiling face. 
 
      “Well done,” said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear. “Nice to see you haven’t 
been brooding about that mirror… been keeping busy… excellent…” 
 
      Snape spat bitterly on the ground. 
 
  Harry left the locker room alone some time late r, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the 
broomshed. He couldn’t ever remember feeling happier. He’d really done something to be proud 
of now – no one could say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never 
smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a 
happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the 
distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed. 
 
      Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with 
its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. He’d done it, he’d shown 
Snape…  
 
      And speaking of Snape…  
 
      A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, 
it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. Harry’s victory faded from his mind as 
he watched. He recognized the figure’s prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest while 
everyone else was at dinner — what was going on? 
 
      Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle 
he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed. 
 
      The trees were so thick he couldn’t see where Snape had gone. He flew in circles, lower and 
lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices. He glided toward them and 
landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree. 
 
      He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see 
through the leaves. 
      Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone. Quirrell was there, too. Harry