“Wonder how long Potter’s going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What 
about you, Weasley?” 
 
      Ron didn’t answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had 
hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly 
at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch. 
 
      “You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few 
minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. “It’s people they 
feel sorry for. See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no 
money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.” 
 
      Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy. 
 
      “I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered. 
 
      Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from 
the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.” 
 
      “Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.” 
 
      Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry. 
 
      “I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—” 
 
      “Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —” 
 
      “What? Where?” 
 
      Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. 
Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a 
bullet. 
 
      “You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy. 
 
      Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him 
to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help. 
 
      “Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at 
Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles 
and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle. 
 
      Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past 
him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised 
in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.