Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise. 
 
      “I demand that you leave at once, sir!” he said. “You are breaking and entering!” 
 
      “Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, 
jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of 
rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room. 
 
      Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on. 
 
      “Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to 
yeh. Got summat fer yeh here — I mighta sat on it at some point, but it’ll taste all right.” 
 
      From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it 
with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry 
written on it in green icing. 
 
      Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his 
mouth, and what he said instead was, “Who are you?” 
 
      The giant chuckled. 
 
      “True, I haven’t introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.” 
 
      He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry’s whole arm. 
 
      “What about that tea then, eh?” he said, rubbing his hands together. “I’d not say no ter summat 
stronger if yeh’ve got it, mind.” 
 
      His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down 
over the fireplace; they couldn’t see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, 
there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the 
warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath. 
 
      The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts 
of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a 
teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before 
starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody 
said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt 
sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch 
anything he gives you, Dudley.” 
 
      The giant chuckled darkly. 
 
      “Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”