said Hermione. 
      “Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest. 
 
      “Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare… what did Professor Sprout say? — it likes the dark and the 
damp.” 
 
      “So light a fire!” Harry choked. 
 
      “Yes — of course — but there’s no wood!” Hermione cried, wringing her hands. 
 
      “HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed. “ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?” 
 
      “Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and 
sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, 
the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling 
and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free. 
 
      “Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, 
wiping sweat off his face. 
 
      “Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ 
honestly.” 
 
      “This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward. 
 
      All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the 
walls. The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an 
unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards’ 
bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been bad enough…  
       
 “Can you hear something?” Ron whispered. 
 
      Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead. 
 
      “Do you think it’s a ghost?” 
 
      “I don’t know… sounds like wings to me.” 
 
      “There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.” 
 
      They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling 
arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all 
around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door. 
 
      “Do you think they’ll attack us if we cross the room?” said Ron.