“But will it cover all three of us?” said Ron. 
 
      “All — all three of us?” 
 
      “Oh, come off it, you don’t think we’d let you go alone?” 
 
      “Of course not,” said Hermione briskly. “How do you think you’d get to the Stone without us?         
I’d better go and look through my books, there might be something useful…” 
 
      “But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.” 
 
      “Not if I can help it,” said Hermione grimly. “Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and 
twelve percent on his exam. They’re not throwing me out after that.” 
 
  After dinner the three of them sat nervously  apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; 
none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any more, after all. This was the first night 
he hadn’t been upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across 
one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didn’t talk much. Both 
of them were thinking about what they were about to do. 
 
      Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed. 
 
      “Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry 
ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He pulled out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute 
Hagrid had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like 
singing. 
 
      He ran back down to the common room. 
 
      “We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of 
our feet wandering along on its own —” 
 
      “What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville appeared from behind 
an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for 
freedom. 
 
      “Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back. 
 
      Neville stared at their guilty faces. 
 
      “You’re going out again,” he said. 
 
      “No, no, no,” said Hermione. “No, we’re not. Why don’t you go to bed, Neville?” 
 
      Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn’t afford to waste any more time,