There was no alternative. 
 
      “Ready?” Ron called, his face pale but determined. “Here I go — now, don’t hang around once 
you’ve won.” 
 
      He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard across the head with her 
stone arm, and he crashed to the floor — Hermione screamed but stayed on her square — the 
white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if he’d been knocked out. 
 
      Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left. 
 
      The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harry’s feet. They had won. The chessmen 
parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry 
and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway. 
 
      “What if he’s —?” 
 
      “He’ll be all right,” said Harry, trying to convince himself. “What do you reckon’s next?” 
 
      “We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; 
McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and 
Snape’s.” 
 
      They had reached another door. 
 
      “All right?” Harry whispered. 
 
      “Go on.” 
 
      Harry pushed it open. 
 
      A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. 
Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they 
had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head. 
 
      “I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one 
of its massive legs. “Come on, I can’t breathe.” 
 
      He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there 
was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing 
on it in a line. 
 
      “Snape’s,” said Harry. “What do we have to do?” 
 
      They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. 
It wasn’t ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same instant, black flames shot up in the