yet.” 
 
      Harry was rubbing his forehead. 
 
      “I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily. “My scar keeps hurting — it’s happened 
before, but never as often as this.” 
 
      “Go to Madam Pomfrey,” Hermione suggested. 
 
      “I’m not ill,” said Harry. “I think it’s a warning… it means danger’s coming…” 
 
      Ron couldn’t get worked up, it was too hot. 
 
      “Harry, relax, Hermione’s right, the Stone’s safe as long as Dumbledore’s around. Anyway, 
we’ve never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped 
off once, he’s not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England 
before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.” 
 
      Harry nodded, but he couldn’t shake off a lurking feeling that there was something he’d 
forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, Hermione said, “That’s just 
the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I 
remembered we’d done that one.” 
 
      Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn’t have anything to do with work, though. He 
watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. 
Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. 
Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy… never… but…  
       
 Harry suddenly jumped to his feet. 
 
      “Where’re you going?” said Ron sleepily. 
 
      “I’ve just thought of something,” said Harry. He had turned white. “We’ve got to go and see 
Hagrid, now.” 
 
      “Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up. 
 
      “Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid 
wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an 
egg in his pocket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it’s against wizard law? 
Lucky they found Hagrid, don’t you think? Why didn’t I see it before?” 
 
      “What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the 
forest, didn’t answer. 
 
      Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and