“Probably,” said Harry. “They don’t look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at 
once… well, there’s no other choice… I’ll run.” 
 
      He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted across the room. He expected 
to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the 
door untouched. He pulled the handle, but it was locked. 
 
      The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not 
even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm. 
 
      “Now what?” said Ron. 
 
      “These birds… they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione. 
 
      They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering —glittering? 
 
      “They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly. “They’re keys! Winged keys — look carefully. So that 
must mean…” he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of 
keys. “… yes — look! Broomsticks! We’ve got to catch the key to the door!” 
 
      “But there are hundreds of them!” 
 
      Ron examined the lock on the door. 
 
      “We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.” 
 
      They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of 
keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was 
almost impossible to catch one. 
 
      Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting 
things other people didn’t. After a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, 
he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed 
roughly into the keyhole. 
 
      “That one!” he called to the others. “That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings 
— the feathers are all crumpled on one side.” 
 
      Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly 
fell off his broom. 
 
      “We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged 
wing. “Ron, you come at it from above — Hermione, stay below and stop it from going down 
and I’ll try and catch it. Right, NOW!” 
 
      Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it