“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the 
invisibility cloak. 
 
      But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen. In their 
nervous state, every statue’s shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like 
Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris 
skulking near the top. 
 
      “Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head. As 
they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn’t do 
anything. 
 
      They didn’t meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was 
bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip. 
 
      “Who’s there?” he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed his wicked black 
eyes. “Know you’re there, even if I can’t see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student 
beastie?” 
 
      He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them. 
 
      “Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.” 
 
      Harry had a sudden idea. 
 
      “Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being 
invisible.” 
 
      Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off 
the stairs. 
 
      “So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir,” he said greasily. “My mistake, my mistake — I 
didn’t see you — of course I didn’t, you’re invisible — forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.” 
 
      “I have business here, Peeves,” croaked Harry. “Stay away from this place tonight.” 
 
      “I will, sir, I most certainly will,” said Peeves, rising up in the air again. “Hope your business 
goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.” 
 
      And he scooted off. 
 
      “Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron. 
 
      A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already 
ajar.