CHAPTER EIGHT 
 
 
The Potions Master 
 
  “There, look.” 
 
      “Where?” 
 
      “Next to the tall kid with the red hair.” 
 
      “Wearing the glasses?” 
 
      “Did you see his face?” 
 
      “Did you see his scar?” 
 
      Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day. People lining up 
outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the 
corridors again, staring. Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on 
finding his way to classes. 
 
      There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, 
rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway 
up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you 
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at 
all, but solid walls just pretending. It was also very hard to remember where anything was, 
because it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit each 
other, and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk. 
 
      The ghosts didn’t help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of them glided suddenly 
through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new 
Gryffindors in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a 
trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would drop wastepaper baskets 
on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, 
invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!” 
 
      Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron 
managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Filch found them trying to 
force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds 
corridor on the third floor. He wouldn’t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to 
break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were 
rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing. 
 
      Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like 
eyes just like Filch’s. She patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one