“Jordan, I’m warning you—” 
 
      “All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I’m 
sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue 
play, Gryffindor still in possession.” 
 
      It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it 
happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch. For a split second, he thought he was 
going to fall. He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He’d never felt 
anything like that. 
 
      It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two 
Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off. Harry tried to turn back toward the 
Gryffindor goal-posts — he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out — and then he realized 
that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn’t turn it. He couldn’t direct it at all. 
It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements 
that almost unseated him. 
 
      Lee was still commentating. 
 
      “Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in 
the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A 
no…” 
 
      The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s broom was behaving 
strangely. It was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it 
went. 
 
      “Dunno what Harry thinks he’s doing,” Hagrid mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. “If I 
didn’ know better, I’d say he’d lost control of his broom… but he can’t have…” 
 
      Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. His broom had started to roll 
over and over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Harry’s 
broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on 
with only one hand. 
 
      “Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered. 
 
      “Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking. “Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except 
powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.” 
 
      At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she 
started looking frantically at the crowd. 
 
      “What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.