“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away. “Wonder what’s 
wrong with his leg?” 
 
      “Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly. 
 
  The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that eveni ng. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat 
together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and Ron’s Charms homework for 
them. She would never let them copy (“How will you learn?”), but by asking her to read it 
through, they got the right answers anyway. 
 
      Harry felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves 
about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he 
was going to ask Snape if he could have it. 
 
      “Better you than me,” they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldn’t refuse if 
there were other teachers listening. 
 
      He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer. He knocked again. 
Nothing. 
 
      Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered 
inside – and a horrible scene met his eyes. 
 
      Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs 
was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snape bandages. 
 
      “Blasted thing,” Snape was saying. “How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads 
at once?” 
 
      Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but — 
 
      “POTTER!” 
 
      Snape’s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry gulped. 
 
      “I just wondered if I could have my book back.” 
 
      “GET OUT! OUT! ” 
 
      Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs. 
 
      “Did you get it?” Ron asked as Harry joined them. “What’s the matter?” 
 
      In a low whisper, Harry told them what he’d seen. 
 
      “You know what this means?” he finished breathlessly. “He tried to get past that three-headed