“Can’t, Harry, sorry,” said Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too. 
 
      “Hagrid — what’s that?” 
 
      But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, 
black egg. 
 
      “Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…” 
 
      “Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. 
“It must’ve cost you a fortune.” 
 
      “Won it,” said Hagrid. “Las’ night. I was down in the village havin’ a few drinks an’ got into a 
game o’ cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest.” 
 
      “But what are you going to do with it when it’s hatched?” said Hermione. 
 
      “Well, I’ve bin doin’ some readin’,” said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. 
“Got this outta the library —Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit — it’s a bit outta date, o’ 
course, but it’s all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, ‘cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an’ 
when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o’ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An’ see 
here — how ter recognize diff’rent eggs — what I got there’s a Norwegian Ridgeback. They’re 
rare, them.” 
 
      He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn’t. 
 
      “Hagrid, you live in a wooden house,” she said. 
 
      But Hagrid wasn’t listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire. 
 
  So now they had something else to worry a bout: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found 
out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut. 
 
      “Wonder what it’s like to have a peaceful life,” Ron sighed, as evening after evening they 
struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. Hermione had now started making 
study schedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts. 
 
      Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid. He had written only 
two words: It’s hatching. 
 
      Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldn’t hear of it. 
 
      “Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?” 
 
      “We’ve got lessons, we’ll get into trouble, and that’s nothing to what Hagrid’s going to be in 
when someone finds out what he’s doing—”