It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the 
grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused. 
 
      “So — yeh wanted to ask me somethin’?” 
 
      “Yes,” said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. “We were wondering if you 
could tell us what’s guarding the Sorcerer’s Stone apart from Fluffy.” 
 
      Hagrid frowned at him. 
 
      “O’ course I can’t,“ he said. “Number one, I don’ know meself. Number two, yeh know too 
much already, so I wouldn’ tell yeh if I could. That Stone’s here fer a good reason. It was almost 
stolen outta Gringotts — I s’ppose yeh’ve worked that out an’ all? Beats me how yeh even know 
abou’ Fluffy.” 
 
      “Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that 
goes on round here,” said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid’s beard twitched and 
they could tell he was smiling. “We only wondered who had done the guarding, really.” 
Hermione went on. “We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from 
you.” 
 
      Hagrid’s chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione. 
 
      “Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that… let’s see… he borrowed Fluffy from me… 
then some o’ the teachers did enchantments… Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — 
Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ 
Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course. Hang on, I’ve forgotten someone. Oh yeah, 
Professor Snape.” 
 
      “Snape?” 
 
      “Yeah — yer not still on abou’ that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he’s not 
about ter steal it.” 
 
      Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on 
protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it. He 
probably knew everything — except, it seemed, Quirrell’s spell and how to get past Fluffy. 
 
      “You’re the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren’t you, Hagrid?” said Harry 
anxiously. “And you wouldn’t tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?” 
 
      “Not a soul knows except me an’ Dumbledore,” said Hagrid proudly. 
 
      “Well, that’s something,” Harry muttered to the others. “Hagrid, can we have a window open? 
I’m boiling.”