“Just let him go,” Harry urged. “Set him free.” 
 
      “I can’t,” said Hagrid. “He’s too little. He’d die.” 
 
      They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling 
out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadn’t been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was 
keeping him so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor. 
 
      “I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. “He 
really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where’s Mommy?” 
 
      “He’s lost his marbles,” Ron muttered in Harry’s ear. 
 
      “Hagrid,” said Harry loudly, “give it two weeks and Norbert’s going to be as long as your house. 
Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.” 
 
      Hagrid bit his lip. 
 
      “I — I know I can’t keep him forever, but I can’t jus’ dump him, I can’t.” 
 
      Harry suddenly turned to Ron. “Charlie.” he said. 
 
      “You’re losing it, too,” said Ron. “I’m Ron, remember?” 
 
      “No — Charlie — your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons. We could send Norbert 
to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!” 
 
      “Brilliant!” said Ron. “How about it, Hagrid?” 
 
      And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him. 
 
    The following week dragged by. Wednesday ni ght found Hermione and Harry sitting alone in 
the common room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. The clock on the wall had just 
chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled 
off Harry’s invisibility cloak. He had been down at Hagrid’s hut, helping him feed Norbert, who 
was now eating dead rats by the crate. 
 
      “It bit me!” he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. “I’m 
not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragon’s the most horrible animal 
I’ve ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you’d think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. 
When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby.” 
 
      There was a tap on the dark window. 
 
      “It’s Hedwig!” said Harry, hurrying to let her in. “She’ll have Charlie’s answer!”