Charlie’s letter was in that book Malfoy took, he’s going to know we’re getting rid of Norbert.” 
 
      Harry and Hermione didn’t get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment 
and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep. 
 
    “It’s too late to change the plan now,” Harry told Hermione. “We haven’t got time to send 
Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We’ll have to risk it. 
And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.” 
 
      They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell 
Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them. 
 
      “I won’t let you in,” he puffed. “Norbert’s at a tricky stage — nothin’ I can’t handle.” 
 
      When they told him about Charlie’s letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have 
been because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg. 
 
      “Aargh! It’s all right, he only got my boot — jus’ playin’ — he’s only a baby, after all.” 
 
      The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Harry and Hermione walked 
back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn’t come quickly enough. 
 
    They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say good-bye to Norbert if 
they hadn’t been so worried about what they had to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they 
were a bit late arriving at Hagrid’s hut because they’d had to wait for Peeves to get out of their 
way in the entrance hall, where he’d been playing tennis against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert 
packed and ready in a large crate. 
 
      “He’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” said Hagrid in a muffled voice. “An’ I’ve 
packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.” 
 
      From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having 
his head torn off. 
 
      “Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the 
invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves. “Mommy will never forget you!” 
 
      How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew. Midnight ticked 
nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark 
corridors. Up another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the 
work much easier. 
 
      “Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower. 
 
      Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate. Forgetting that they 
were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people