long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks. 
 
      Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads. They went off to lunch. 
 
      “You will keep looking while I’m away, won’t you?” said Hermione. “And send me an owl if 
you find anything.” 
 
      “And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is,” said Ron. “It’d be safe to ask 
them.” 
 
      “Very safe, as they’re both dentists,” said Hermione. 
 
    Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry  were having too good a time to think much about 
Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, 
so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they 
could spear on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of 
getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work. 
 
      Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This was exactly like Muggle chess except that the 
figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. Ron’s set was very old and 
battered. Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his family — 
in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen weren’t a drawback at all. Ron knew them 
so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted. 
 
      Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn’t trust him at all. He 
wasn’t a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was 
confusing. “Don’t send me there, can’t you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose him.” 
 
      On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, 
but not expecting any presents at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the first 
thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed. 
 
      “Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe. 
 
      “You, too,” said Harry. “Will you look at this? I’ve got some presents!” 
 
      “What did you expect, turnips?” said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than 
Harry’s. 
 
      Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was 
To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it 
himself. Harry blew it — it sounded a bit like an owl. 
 
      A second, very small parcel contained a note. 
 
      We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt