those too weak to seek it… Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him 
down many times. He has had to be very hard on me.” Quirrell shivered suddenly. “He does not 
forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. 
He punished me… decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me…” 
 
      Quirrell’s voice trailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley — how could he 
have been so stupid? He’d seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky 
Cauldron. 
 
      Quirrell cursed under his breath. 
 
      “I don’t understand… is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break it?” 
 
      Harry’s mind was racing. 
 
      What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone 
before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myself finding it — which means I’ll 
see where it’s hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I’m up to? 
 
      He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes 
around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still 
talking to himself. 
 
      “What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!” 
 
      And to Harry’s horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself. 
 
      “Use the boy… Use the boy…” 
 
      Quirrell rounded on Harry. 
 
      “Yes — Potter — come here.” 
 
      He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet. 
 
      “Come here,” Quirrell repeated. “Look in the mirror and tell me what you see.” 
 
      Harry walked toward him. 
 
      I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I see, that’s all. 
 
      Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from 
Quirrell’s turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again. 
 
      He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment later, the reflection smiled 
at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the