“No, Harry, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to 
share… not being truly alive, he cannot be killed. He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little 
mercy to his followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his 
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing 
battle next time — and if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power.” 
 
      Harry nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then he said, “Sir, there are 
some other things I’d like to know, if you can tell me… things I want to know the truth about…” 
 
      “The truth.” Dumbledore sighed. “It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be 
treated with great caution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good 
reason not to, in which case I beg you’ll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie.” 
 
      “Well… Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him from killing 
me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?” 
 
      Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time. 
 
      “Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one 
day… put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older… I know you hate to hear 
this… when you are ready, you will know.” 
 
      And Harry knew it would be no good to argue. 
 
      “But why couldn’t Quirrell touch me?” 
 
      “Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He 
didn’t realize that love as powerful as your mother’s for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no 
visible sign… to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will 
give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and 
ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to 
touch a person marked by something so good.” 
 
      Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time 
to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, Harry said, “And the invisibility 
cloak — do you know who sent it to me?” 
 
      “Ah — your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it.” 
Dumbledore’s eyes twinkled. “Useful things… your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the 
kitchens to steal food when he was here.” 
 
      “And there’s something else…” 
 
      “Fire away.” 
 
      “Quirrell said Snape —”