from the moment the blood touches your lips.” 
 
      Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight. 
 
      “But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud. “If you’re going to be cursed forever, 
death’s better, isn’t it?” 
 
      “It is,” Firenze agreed, “unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else 
— something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean 
you can never die. Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?” 
 
      “The Sorcerer’s Stone! Of course — the Elixir of Life! But I don’t understand who —” 
 
      “Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, 
awaiting their chance?” 
 
      It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry’s heart. Over the rustling of the 
trees, he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: “Some 
say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die.” 
 
      “Do you mean,” Harry croaked, “that was Vol- ” 
 
      “Harry! Harry, are you all right?” 
 
      Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her. 
 
      “I’m fine,” said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. “The unicorn’s dead, Hagrid, it’s in 
that clearing back there.” 
 
      “This is where I leave you,” Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. 
“You are safe now.” 
 
      Harry slid off his back. 
 
      “Good luck, Harry Potter,” said Firenze. “The planets have been read wrongly before now, even 
by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times.” 
 
      He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him. 
 
  Ron had fallen asleep in th e dark common room, waiting for them to return. He shouted 
something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, 
though, he was wide-eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the 
forest. 
 
      Harry couldn’t sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.