“Maybe Snape’s found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,” said Ron, looking up at 
the thousands of books surrounding them. “I bet there’s a book somewhere in here telling you 
how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?” 
 
      The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron’s eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry 
could. 
 
      “Go to Dumbledore. That’s what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves 
we’ll be thrown out for sure.” 
 
      “But we’ve got no proof!” said Harry. “Quirrell’s too scared to back us up. Snape’s only got to 
say he doesn’t know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third 
floor — who do you think they’ll believe, him or us? It’s not exactly a secret we hate him, 
Dumbledore’ll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn’t help us if his life depended 
on it, he’s too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he’ll think. 
And don’t forget, we’re not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That’ll take a lot of 
explaining.” 
  
      Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t. 
 
      “If we just do a bit of poking around —” 
 
      “No,” said Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.” 
 
      He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons. 
 
    The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast 
table. They were all the same: 
 
  Your detention will take pla ce at eleven o’clock tonight. 
 
  Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall. 
 
    Professor McGonagall 
 
    Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to  do in the furor over the points they’d lost. He half 
expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn’t say a 
word. Like Harry, she felt they deserved what they’d got. 
 
      At eleven o’clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to 
the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already there — and so was Malfoy. Harry had also 
forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too. 
 
      “Follow me,” said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside. 
 
      “I bet you’ll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won’t you, eh?” he said, leering at