“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch 
match. 
 
      “Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed 
nose. 
  
      “Professor — please —” 
 
      “You can’t —” 
 
      “Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all of you. I’ve never been 
more ashamed of Gryffindor students.” 
 
      A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In one night, they’d ruined any 
chance Gryffindor had had for the house cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of 
his stomach. How could they ever make up for this? 
 
      Harry didn’t sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like 
hours. Harry couldn’t think of anything to say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, 
was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what they’d 
done? 
 
    At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourgl asses that recorded the house points the next day 
thought there’d been a mistake. How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer 
than yesterday? And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their 
hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid 
first years. 
 
      From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the 
most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been 
longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup. Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn’t 
trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he 
walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!” 
  
      Only Ron stood by him. 
 
      “They’ll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time 
they’ve been here, and people still like them.” 
 
      “They’ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?” said Harry 
miserably. 
 
      “Well — no,” Ron admitted. 
 
      It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that 
weren’t his business from now on. He’d had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so