CHAPTER FIFTEEN 
 
 
The Forbidden Forest 
 
  Things couldn’t have been worse. 
 
      Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and 
waited without saying a word to each other. Hermione was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild 
cover- up stories chased each other around Harry’s brain, each more feeble than the last. He 
couldn’t see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were cornered. How could 
they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? There was no reason on earth that Professor 
McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead 
of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for 
classes. Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags 
already. 
 
      Had Harry thought that things couldn’t have been worse? He was wrong. When Professor 
McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville. 
 
      “Harry!” Neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two. “I was trying to find you to warn 
you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—” 
 
      Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen. She 
looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them. 
 
      “I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were up in the astronomy 
tower. It’s one o’clock in the morning. Explain yourselves.” 
 
      It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher’s question. She was staring at 
her slippers, as still as a statue. 
 
      “I think I’ve got a good idea of what’s been going on,” said Professor McGonagall. “It doesn’t 
take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, 
trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. I’ve already caught him. I suppose you think it’s 
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?” 
 
      Harry caught Neville’s eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn’t true, because 
Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have 
cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them. 
 
      “I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall. “Four students out of bed in one night! I’ve never 
heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. 
Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions 
— yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, 
especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”