ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team. 
 
      “Resign?” Wood thundered. “What good’ll that do? How are we going to get any points back if 
we can’t win at Quidditch?” 
        
      But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn’t speak to Harry during 
practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him “the Seeker.” 
 
      Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didn’t have as bad a time as Harry, because they 
weren’t as well-known, but nobody would speak to them, either. Hermione had stopped drawing 
attention to herself in class, keeping her head down and working in silence. 
 
      Harry was almost glad that the exams weren’t far away. All the studying he had to do kept his 
mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, 
trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, 
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions…  
 
      Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in 
anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library 
on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he 
drew closer, he heard Quirrell’s voice. 
 
      “No — no — not again, please —” 
 
      It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer. 
 
      “All right — all right —” he heard Quirrell sob. 
 
      Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale 
and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didn’t think Quirrell had 
even noticed him. He waited until Quirrell’s footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the 
classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it 
before he remembered what he’d promised himself about not meddling. 
 
      All the same, he’d have gambled twelve Sorcerer’s Stones that Snape had just left the room, and 
from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step — 
Quirrell seemed to have given in at last. 
 
      Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them 
what he’d heard. 
 
      “Snape’s done it, then!” said Ron. “If Quirrell’s told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell 
—” 
 
      “There’s still Fluffy, though,” said Hermione.