McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low 
garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out 
of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a full 
minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, 
Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from 
Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out. 
 
      “Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that. We’ve no business staying here. We may as well 
go and join the celebrations.” 
 
      “Yeah,” said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I best get this bike away. G’night, Professor 
McGonagall — Professor Dumbledore, sir.” 
 
      Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and 
kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. 
 
      “I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” said Dumbledore, nodding to her. 
Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply. 
 
      Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the 
silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so 
that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the 
corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of 
number four. 
 
      “Good luck, Harry,” he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was 
gone. 
 
      A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the 
very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his 
blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not 
knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few 
hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, 
nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley… 
He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were 
holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”