been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been 
phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve had a downpour of 
shooting stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early — it’s not until next 
week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight.” 
 
      Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? 
Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters…  
 
      Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. He’d have to 
say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. “Er — Petunia, dear — you haven’t heard 
from your sister lately, have you?” 
 
      As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended 
she didn’t have a sister. 
 
      “No,” she said sharply. “Why?” 
 
      “Funny stuff on the news,” Mr. Dursley mumbled. “Owls… shooting stars… and there were a lot 
of funny-looking people in town today…” 
 
      “So?” snapped Mrs. Dursley. 
 
      “Well, I just thought… maybe… it was something to do with… you know… her crowd.” 
 
      Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her 
he’d heard the name “Potter.” He decided he didn’t dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, 
“Their son — he’d be about Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?” 
 
      “I suppose so,” said Mrs. Dursley stiffly. 
 
      “What’s his name again? Howard, isn’t it?” 
 
      “Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.” 
 
      “Oh, yes,” said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. “Yes, I quite agree.” 
 
      He didn’t say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was 
in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front 
garden. The cat was still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for 
something. 
 
      Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? If it did… if it got 
out that they were related to a pair of — well, he didn’t think he could bear it. 
 
      The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it 
all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters