“I know you haven’t,” said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. 
“But you’re different. Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, 
was frightened of.” 
 
      “You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly. “Voldemort had powers I will never have.” 
 
      “Only because you’re too — well —noble to use them.” 
 
      “It’s lucky it’s dark. I haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new 
earmuffs.” 
 
      Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said “The owls are nothing next to 
the rumors that are flying around. You know what they’re saying? About why he’s disappeared? 
About what finally stopped him?” 
 
      It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the 
real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman 
had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever 
“everyone” was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. 
Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. 
 
      “What they’re saying,” she pressed on, “is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric’s 
Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are — are — that 
they’re — dead.” 
 
      Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped. 
 
      “Lily and James… I can’t believe it… I didn’t want to believe it… Oh, Albus…” 
 
      Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. “I know… I know…” he said heavily. 
 
      Professor McGonagall’s voice trembled as she went on. “That’s not all. They’re saying he tried 
to kill the Potter’s son, Harry. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t kill that little boy. No one knows 
why, or how, but they’re saying that when he couldn’t kill Harry Potter, Voldemort’s power 
somehow broke — and that’s why he’s gone.” 
 
      Dumbledore nodded glumly. 
 
      “It’s — it’s true?” faltered Professor McGonagall. “After all he’s done… all the people he’s 
killed… he couldn’t kill a little boy? It’s just astounding… of all the things to stop him… but 
how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?” 
 
      “We can only guess.” said Dumbledore. “We may never know.” 
 
      Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her 
spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and