examined it. It was a very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets 
were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it 
back in his pocket and said, “Hagrid’s late. I suppose it was he who told you I’d be here, by the 
way?” 
 
      “Yes,” said Professor McGonagall. “And I don’t suppose you’re going to tell me why you’re 
here, of all places?” 
 
      “I’ve come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They’re the only family he has left now.” 
 
      “You don’t mean – you can’t mean the people who live here?” cried Professor McGonagall, 
jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. “Dumbledore — you can’t. I’ve been watching 
them all day. You couldn’t find two people who are less like us. And they’ve got this son — I 
saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come 
and live here!” 
 
      “It’s the best place for him,” said Dumbledore firmly. “His aunt and uncle will be able to explain 
everything to him when he’s older. I’ve written them a letter.” 
 
      “A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. “Really, 
Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand 
him! He’ll be famous — a legend — I wouldn’t be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter 
day in the future — there will be books written about Harry — every child in our world will 
know his name!” 
 
      “Exactly.” said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. “It 
would be enough to turn any boy’s head. Famous before he can walk and talk! Famous for 
something he won’t even remember! Can you see how much better off he’ll be, growing up away 
from all that until he’s ready to take it?” 
 
      Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, “Yes — 
yes, you’re right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak 
suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it. 
 
      “Hagrid’s bringing him.” 
 
      “You think it —wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?” 
 
      “I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore. 
 
      “I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but 
you can’t pretend he’s not careless. He does tend to — what was that?” 
 
      A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they 
looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both 
looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front