know, with five of us.” 
 
      “Go on, have a pasty,” said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, 
anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all 
Harry’s pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten). 
 
      “What are these?” Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs. “They’re not really 
frogs, are they?” He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him. 
 
      “No,” said Ron. “But see what the card is. I’m missing Agrippa.” 
 
      “What?” 
 
      “Oh, of course, you wouldn’t know — Chocolate Frogs have cards, inside them, you know, to 
collect — famous witches and wizards. I’ve got about five hundred, but I haven’t got Agrippa or 
Ptolemy.” 
 
      Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a man’s face. He wore 
half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. 
Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore. 
 
      “So this is Dumbledore!” said Harry. 
 
      “Don’t tell me you’d never heard of Dumbledore!” said Ron. “Can I have a frog? I might get 
Agrippa — thanks —” 
 
      Harry turned over his card and read: 
 
  ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 
 
  CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS 
   
  Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for 
his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of 
dragon’s blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor 
Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling. 
 
  Harry turned the card back over and saw, to  his astonishment, that Dumbledore’s face had 
disappeared. 
 
      “He’s gone!” 
 
      “Well, you can’t expect him to hang around all day,” said Ron. “He’ll be back. No, I’ve got 
Morgana again and I’ve got about six of her… do you want it? You can start collecting.” 
 
      Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.