CHAPTER SIX 
 
 
The Journey From Platform Nine and Three-Quarters 
  
  Harry’s last month with the Du rsleys wasn’t fun. True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he 
wouldn’t stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn’t shut Harry in his 
cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him — in fact, they didn’t speak to him at all. 
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty. Although 
this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while. 
 
      Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a 
name he had found in A History of Magic. His school books were very interesting. He lay on his 
bed reading late into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. 
It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn’t come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept 
bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on 
the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first. 
 
      On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to 
King’s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching 
a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley 
screamed and ran from the room. 
 
      “Er — Uncle Vernon?” 
 
      Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening. 
 
      “Er — I need to be at King’s Cross tomorrow to — to go to Hogwarts.” 
 
      Uncle Vernon grunted again. 
 
      “Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?” 
 
      Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes. 
 
      “Thank you.” 
 
      He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke. 
 
      “Funny way to get to a wizards’ school, the train. Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?” 
 
      Harry didn’t say anything. 
 
      “Where is this school, anyway?” 
 
      “I don’t know,” said Harry, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given