“Help yourself,” said Harry. “But in, you know, the Muggle world, people just stay put in 
photos.” 
 
      “Do they? What, they don’t move at all?” Ron sounded amazed. “Weird!” 
 
      Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. 
Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards 
cards, but Harry couldn’t keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and 
Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He finally 
tore his eyes away from the Druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of 
Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans. 
 
      “You want to be careful with those,” Ron warned Harry. “When they say every flavor, they 
mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and 
marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-
flavored one once.” 
 
      Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner. 
 
      “Bleaaargh — see? Sprouts.” 
 
      They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, 
strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a 
funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper. 
 
      The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. 
Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills. 
 
      There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had passed 
on platform nine and three-quarters came in. He looked tearful. 
 
      “Sorry,” he said, “but have you seen a toad at all?” 
 
      When they shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve lost him! He keeps getting away from me!” 
 
      “He’ll turn up,” said Harry. 
 
      “Yes,” said the boy miserably. “Well, if you see him…” 
 
      He left. 
 
      “Don’t know why he’s so bothered,” said Ron. “If I’d brought a toad I’d lose it as quick as I 
could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can’t talk.” 
 
      The rat was still snoozing on Ron’s lap.