“Say that again,” Ron said, his face as red as his hair. 
 
      “Oh, you’re going to fight us, are you?” Malfoy sneered. 
 
      “Unless you get out now,” said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were 
a lot bigger than him or Ron. 
 
      “But we don’t feet like leaving, do we, boys? We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have 
some.” 
 
      Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so 
much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. 
 
      Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — 
Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when 
Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they 
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they’d heard footsteps, 
because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in. 
 
      “What has been going on?” she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up 
Scabbers by his tail. 
 
      “I think he’s been knocked out,” Ron said to Harry. He looked closer at Scabbers. “No — I don’t 
believe it — he’s gone back to sleep.” 
 
      And so he had. 
 
      “You’ve met Malfoy before?” 
  
      Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley. 
 
      “I’ve heard of his family,” said Ron darkly. “They were some of the first to come back to our 
side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said they’d been bewitched. My dad doesn’t believe it. 
He says Malfoy’s father didn’t need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side.” He turned to 
Hermione. “Can we help you with something?” 
 
      “You’d better hurry up and put your robes on, I’ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, 
and he says we’re nearly there. You haven’t been fighting, have you? You’ll be in trouble before 
we even get there!” 
 
      “Scabbers has been fighting, not us,” said Ron, scowling at her. “Would you mind leaving while 
we change?” 
 
      “All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up 
and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice. “And you’ve got dirt on your nose, by 
the way, did you know?”