He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll’s nose. It was covered in what looked like 
lumpy gray glue. 
 
      “Urgh — troll boogers.” 
 
      He wiped it on the troll’s trousers. 
 
      A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. They hadn’t realized 
what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the 
crashes and the troll’s roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the 
room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the 
troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart. 
 
      Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never 
seen her look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded 
quickly from Harry’s mind. 
 
      “What on earth were you thinking of?” said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. 
Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air. “You’re lucky you weren’t 
killed. Why aren’t you in your dormitory?” 
 
      Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his 
wand down. 
 
      Then a small voice came out of the shadows. 
 
      “Please, Professor McGonagall — they were looking for me.” 
 
      “Miss Granger!” 
 
      Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last. 
 
      “I went looking for the troll because I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, 
because I’ve read all about them.” 
 
      Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? 
 
      “If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it 
out with its own club. They didn’t have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me 
off when they arrived.” 
 
      Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them. 
 
      “Well — in that case…” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, 
you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”