Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag. 
 
      “The gold ones are Galleons,” he explained. “Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty-
nine Knuts to a Sickle, it’s easy enough. Right, that should be enough fer a couple o’ terms, we’ll 
keep the rest safe for yeh.” He turned to Griphook. “Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, 
please, and can we go more slowly?” 
 
      “One speed only,” said Griphook. 
 
      They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they 
hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned 
over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him 
back by the scruff of his neck. 
 
      Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. 
 
      “Stand back,” said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers 
and it simply melted away. 
 
      “If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in 
there,” said Griphook. 
 
      “How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked. 
 
      “About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin. 
 
      Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he 
leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he 
thought it was empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying 
on the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to know what it 
was, but knew better than to ask. 
 
      “Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’s best if I keep me 
mouth shut,” said Hagrid. 
 
  One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didn’t know 
where to run first now that he had a bag full of money. He didn’t have to know how many 
Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than he’d had in his 
whole life — more money than even Dudley had ever had. 
 
      “Might as well get yer uniform,” said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin’s Robes for All 
Occasions. “Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky 
Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam 
Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous. 
 
      Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.