“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak. “Got the lot here — another young 
man being fitted up just now, in fact.” 
 
      In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a 
second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him 
slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length. 
 
      “Hello,” said the boy, “Hogwarts, too?” 
 
      “Yes,” said Harry. 
 
      “My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the 
boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. “Then I’m going to drag them off to look at racing brooms. 
I don’t see why first years can’t have their own. I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and 
I’ll smuggle it in somehow.” 
 
      Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley. 
 
      “Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on. 
 
      “No,” said Harry. 
 
      “Play Quidditch at all?” 
 
      “No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be. 
 
      “I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree. 
Know what house you’ll be in yet?” 
 
      “No,” said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute. 
 
      “Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our 
family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?” 
 
      “Mmm,” said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting. 
 
      “I say, look at that man!” said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was 
standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn’t come 
in. 
 
      “That’s Hagrid,” said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn’t. “He works at 
Hogwarts.” 
 
      “Oh,” said the boy, “I’ve heard of him. He’s a sort of servant, isn’t he?” 
 
      “He’s the gamekeeper,” said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less every second.