Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the 
sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after 
the storm. 
 
      “How did you get here?” Harry asked, looking around for another boat. 
 
      “Flew,” said Hagrid. 
 
      “Flew?” 
 
      “Yeah — but we’ll go back in this. Not s’pposed ter use magic now I’ve got yeh.” 
 
      They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying. 
 
      “Seems a shame ter row, though,” said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks. “If I 
was ter — er — speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin’ it at Hogwarts?” 
 
      “Of course not,” said Harry, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, 
tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land. 
 
      “Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?” Harry asked. 
 
      “Spells — enchantments,” said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. “They say there’s 
dragons guardin’ the high security vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way — Gringotts is 
hundreds of miles under London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh’d die of hunger tryin’ 
ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat.” 
 
      Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had 
learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very 
difficult, he’d never had so many questions in his life. 
 
      “Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page. 
 
      “There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Harry asked, before he could stop himself. 
 
      “’Course,” said Hagrid. “They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, o’ course, but he’d never leave 
Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts 
Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin’ fer advice.” 
 
      “But what does a Ministry of Magic do?” 
 
      “Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there’s still witches an’ wizards up an’ 
down the country.” 
 
      “Why?”