showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke. 
 
      “It’s a Remembrall!” he explained. “Gran knows I forget things — this tells you if there’s 
something you’ve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red — oh…” 
His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “… you’ve forgotten 
something…” 
 
      Neville was trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the 
Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand. 
 
      Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but 
Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there 
in a flash. 
 
      “What’s going on?” 
 
      “Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.” 
 
      Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table. 
 
      “Just looking,” he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him. 
 
  At three-thirty that aftern oon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps 
onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled 
under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the 
opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the 
distance. 
 
      The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the 
ground. Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying 
that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left. 
 
      Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk. 
 
      “Well, what are you all waiting for?” she barked. “Everyone stand by a broomstick. Come on, 
hurry up.” 
 
      Harry glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles. 
 
      “Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’” 
 
      “UP” everyone shouted. 
 
      Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. Hermione 
Granger’s had simply rolled over on the ground, and Neville’s hadn’t moved at all. Perhaps 
brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in