“Crabbe,” he said. “Midnight all right? We’ll meet you in the trophy room; that’s always 
unlocked.”  
 
      When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other. 
 
      “What is a wizard’s duel?” said Harry. “And what do you mean, you’re my second?” 
 
      “Well, a second’s there to take over if you die,” said Ron casually, getting started at last on his 
cold pie. Catching the look on Harry’s face, he added quickly, “But people only die in proper 
duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy’ll be able to do is send sparks at 
each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to 
refuse, anyway.” 
 
      “And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?” 
 
      “Throw it away and punch him on the nose,” Ron suggested. 
 
      “Excuse me.” 
 
      They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger. 
 
      “Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron. 
 
      Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. 
 
      “I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —” 
 
      “Bet you could,” Ron muttered. 
 
      “— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose 
Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be. It’s really very selfish of you.” 
 
      “And it’s really none of your business,” said Harry. 
 
      “Good-bye,” said Ron. 
 
    All the same, it wasn’t what you’d call the pe rfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake 
much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn’t back from the hospital 
wing). Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as “If he tries to curse you, you’d better 
dodge it, because I can’t remember how to block them.” There was a very good chance they 
were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, 
breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, Malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up 
out of the darkness — this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. He couldn’t miss it. 
 
      “Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”