It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when he’d left the 
grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his 
mouth, but he’d forgotten all about it. 
 
      “Seeker?” he said. “But first years never — you must be the youngest house player in about —” 
 
      “ — a century,” said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the 
excitement of the afternoon. “Wood told me.” 
 
      Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry. 
 
      “I start training next week,” said Harry. “Only don’t tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a 
secret.” 
 
      Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over. 
 
      “Well done,” said George in a low voice. “Wood told us. We’re on the team too — Beaters.” 
 
      “I tell you, we’re going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,” said Fred. “We haven’t 
won since Charlie left, but this year’s team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, 
Wood was almost skipping when he told us.” 
 
      “Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the 
school.” 
 
      “Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See 
you.” 
 
      Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, 
flanked by Crabbe and Goyle. 
 
      “Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?” 
 
      “You’re a lot braver now that you’re back on the ground and you’ve got your little friends with 
you,” said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as 
the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and 
scowl. 
 
      “I’d take you on anytime on my own,” said Malfoy. “Tonight, if you want. Wizard’s duel. 
Wands only — no contact. What’s the matter? Never heard of a wizard’s duel before, I 
suppose?” 
 
      “Of course he has,” said Ron, wheeling around. “I’m his second, who’s yours?” 
 
      Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.