“HARRY POTTER!” 
 
      His heart sank faster than he’d just dived. Professor McGonagall was running toward them. He 
got to his feet, trembling. 
 
      “Never — in all my time at Hogwarts —” 
  
      Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, “— 
how dare you — might have broken your neck —” 
 
      “It wasn’t his fault, Professor —” 
 
      “Be quiet, Miss Patil —” 
 
      “But Malfoy —” 
 
      “That’s enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now.” 
 
      Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly 
in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she strode toward the castle. He was going to be expelled, he 
just knew it. He wanted to say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something 
wrong with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; 
he had to jog to keep up. Now he’d done it. He hadn’t even lasted two weeks. He’d be packing 
his bags in ten minutes. What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep? 
 
      Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor McGonagall didn’t say a 
word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting 
miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled 
but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid’s assistant. His stomach 
twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped 
around the grounds carrying Hagrid’s bag. 
 
      Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head 
inside. 
 
      “Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?” 
 
      Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him? 
 
      But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class 
looking confused. 
 
      “Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood 
looking curiously at Harry. 
 
      “In here.”