They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down 
the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few embers were still glowing in 
the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached the 
portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, “I can’t believe you’re going to do 
this, Harry.” 
 
      A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown. 
 
      “You!” said Ron furiously. “Go back to bed!” 
 
      “I almost told your brother,” Hermione snapped, “Percy — he’s a prefect, he’d put a stop to 
this.” 
 
      Harry couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering. 
 
      “Come on,” he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the 
hole. 
 
      Hermione wasn’t going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, 
hissing at them like an angry goose. 
 
      “Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to 
win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing 
about Switching Spells.” 
 
      “Go away.” 
 
      “All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home 
tomorrow, you’re so —” 
 
      But what they were, they didn’t find out. Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to 
get back inside and found herself facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a 
nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower. 
 
      “Now what am I going to do?” she asked shrilly. 
 
      “That’s your problem,” said Ron. “We’ve got to go, we’re going to be late.” 
 
      They hadn’t even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them. 
 
      “I’m coming with you,” she said. 
 
      “You are not.” 
 
      “D’you think I’m going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of 
us I’ll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.”